---
title: Quizzes...
layout: post
author: finlay.campbell
permalink: /quizzes.../
source-id: 1bC5HUCNyjpJBPXI3Nst-UAiWk0sOCbFN7jG7VW-snCk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Quizzes...</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>29/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Summary</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In our lesson today we continued our project on making our own 'Buzzfeed' style quiz after taking a break last week. We went over different types of code that we would use in our quizzes and after the demonstration was finished, we went to work on starting to implement the questions we had written earlier, into our code to create the quizzes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned by listening to the teacher when he was talking and trying to absorb the information he told to us which helped me later in the lesson when trying to adapt the example code into our own quizzes. I also worked well with the people around me who helped with my code and gave me ideas on how to make my code work in the correct way. Every now and then I also worked independently to not have any distractions and do some focused work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? What will I change for next time? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When we were making the quizzes I may have messed around a bit with the people around me that may have interrupted our work and made it not as good quality. Also when we were listening to the teacher a few times my mind seemed to wander and I lost out on hearing some information that was key later. I also didn’t raise my hand in the lesson much and I wasn’t very involved. Next time I will change all of these things to make my learning better.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


