---
title: Lesson 11/03/12
layout: post
author: finlay.campbell
permalink: /lesson-11/03/16/
source-id: 1zovt5M77cRfQmZI7cz3UIv0oNoqMUaBdwVegk6NoLZE
published: true
---
**Lesson 11/03/16**

**_Peripherals_** are the inputs and outputs that connect to a computer and affect your usage of it in some way

For example: 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Input</td>
    <td>microphone</td>
    <td>camera</td>
    <td>scanner</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Output</td>
    <td>speakers</td>
    <td>monitor</td>
    <td>printer</td>
  </tr>
</table>


**A Hard Drive** is a part of your computer that collects and permanently stores things on your computer is. This cannot be erased by shutting down the computer.

**RAM **is short for random access memory and is the part of the computer that has its short term memory. It does not permanently store it though as it requires power to do so. This means that if you turned the PC off, the RAM would be erased.

**CPU** is the part of the computer and is short for central processing unit. It is sometimes known as the brains of the computer and is where most calculations to make programs are made.

**Security**

**Malware **is a type of software which is made to damage your computer. It is a group meaning for lots of harmful files like trojans, worms and viruses. Malware can attack all kinds of software including computers, phones and tablets. It is sometimes known as malicious software.

**Viruses** are small programs that are designed to cause harm to your computer. They work by attaching to files in computers or devices and duplicating themselves. From here they can do lots of thing to your computer from slowing it down a bit to making it stop working all together. They can also delete/corrupt files.

**Worms** are similar to viruses but don't need to attach themselves to programs as they can do it automatically. This means it could copy itself any amount it wants and by doing this they can do lots of damage to your device very quickly.

**Trojans **are a type of virus that pretends to be helpful to your computer, but in reality it only causes harm. It is named after the greek story of the trojan horse as it is a similar circumstance. Like worms, they can cause a lot of damage in a short amount of time by copying itself hundreds of times.

**Zombienet/ Botnet  **is a group of computers that have been infected with different types of malware which are controlled by one source. In this way it is said that it is like a zombie army and all of the computers involved will be forced, without the owners knowing, to send spam across the internet like contact information and horrible messages.

